haa.....
oo..hu...
Okay, This is not in.
Hello.....
Ha..ha.......
I think.
Ha....Probably
My biggest would probably Prime Minister's right now.
Because there's a lot of them.Yeah and row,Yeah...
Pretty big policy changes.
You can show sure is...
Yep
Yeah......um..
Usually I look at the descriptions and if it's just like...
Oh they start from here to here then I know.not sure
But,I know because they always last year.
For championship round they asked about this one. (***)this kind of(***)
Yeah
It's like... It was like one week didn't do it
researcher.So we don't that
Probably,what...(***) I feel like we
(***)we research its
No, we had good message.yeah
And then for animals, they also did.
I think it was insects.
they named like every single so it would be like butterfly but then there would be like
All these other butterflies, like in the worms, like subspecies, they also
asked about that on a championship round.
Which of these animals are native?
it's like our native to Japan and it was like Irish
Probably,name it and then
it's still (***)
May be words rights??(***)
Probably....
Geography,this is not i learned for osaka
Cause last year you had the entire coast to do, but now you...
Its not lies
Okay.
Haa......um
The port plus the...
The...my chance,the number change is osaka(***)
yeah, and......
I know there's a river going through. Is it the......is it the yacht?
You're a cold guy? No.
This guy
Yeah
Yeah,But there's a river going through that street, no?
Dotonbori.yeah, Is it Dotonbori Tower?
okay
Please to meet for call
My sheets
okay
okay,But these thing, What would they focus on for this?
I wouldn't say World War 2.
yeah
Okay, so.... what kind of question?(***)
Yeah
So,You so Japanese.
Was it?(***) may change
(***)
ha
yeah
Okay.
I think,They'll probably ask about which island, which Chinese...
Territories they conquer so like shut down